Updated CONTRIBUTING.md file to aid testing and knowledge transfer (#150)
Capgemini/powerapps-specflow-bindings: CONTRIBUTING.md

- The first time you run the test suite, a managed solution will be installed into the environment which takes a couple minutes. If the first test run times out, try again - it was likely due to this. 
- At times when buiding a solution, it fails and you receive some Build.exe errors or warnings. This prevents you from cancelling the build process as it hangs. You can stop or kill the Build.exe proceess by starting the Task Master and ending the process - you can close the Visual Studio and restart it if this doesn't work. You can also run this code (taskkill /f /im chromedriver.exe) on your terminal. 

## Pull request process

1. Ensure that there are automated tests that cover any changes 
1. Update the README.md with details of any significant changes to functionality
1. Ensure that your commit messages increment the version using [GitVersion syntax](https://gitversion.readthedocs.io/en/latest/input/docs/more-info/version-increments/). If no message is found then the patch version will be incremented by default.
1. You may merge the pull request once it meets all of the required checks. If you do not have permision, a reviewer will do it for you

## Useful Resources

> - A presentation on the SpecFlowBinding and EasyRepro setup with demo https://triciasinclair.com/2020/11/30/using-specflow-and-easyrepro-to-improve-automated-ui-testing/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A presentation on the SpecFlowBinding and EasyRepro setup with demo] (https://triciasinclair.com/2020/11/30/using-specflow-and-easyrepro-to-improve-automated-ui-testing/)
```

   - `applicationUser` - an [Application User](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform/admin/manage-application-users#create-an-application-user) must be added with the System Administrator role to your environment.
   - `users` - this can be your account, there is no need to create additional user. All username and password can be identical.  
1. Tweak config for local debugging. The `power-apps-bindings.yml` file is configured for use by the build server (that runs all tests before merge a PR) and therefore it is recommended to change the following properties without committing them. 
   - Change `headless` to `false` so you can observer the tests run.
   - Comment `driversPath` as this environment variable won't exist locally e.g. 
     ```yml 
     #driversPath: ChromeWebDriver
     ```

Other things to note:

- Running all tests are **not** required as the CI/PR build will do these. Test and verify only the steps or features you have impacted or made changes to.
- The first time you run the test suite, a managed solution will be installed into the environment which takes a couple minutes. If the first test run times out, try again - it was likely due to this. 

> - At times when buiding a solution, it fails and you receive some Build.exe errors or warnings. This prevents you from cancelling the build process as it hangs. You can stop or kill the Build.exe proceess by starting the Task Master and ending the process - you can close the Visual Studio and restart it if this doesn't work. You can also run this code (taskkill /f /im chromedriver.exe) on your terminal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At times when building a solution, it fails and you receive some MSBuild.exe errors or warnings. This prevents you from cancelling the build process as it hangs. You can stop or kill the MSBuild.exe process by starting the Task Manager and ending the process - you can close the Visual Studio and restart it if this doesn't work. You can also run this code `taskkill /f /im chromedriver.exe` on your terminal. 
```
